and the word of Samuel came to all
Israel now Israel went out to battle
against the Philistines and in camp
beside Abba nezer and the Philistines
encamped in effect then the Philistines
put themselves in battle array against
Israel
and when they join battle Israel was
defeated by the Palestinians who killed
about 4,000 men of the army in the field
and when the people had come into the
camp the elders of Israel said why has
the Lord defeated us today before the
Philistines let us bring the Ark of the
Covenant of the Lord from Shiloh to us
that when it comes among us it may save
us from the hand of our enemies so the
people sent to Shiloh that they might
bring from there the Ark of the Covenant
of the Lord of hosts dwells between the
cherubim and the two sons of Eli hophni
and Phineas were there with the ark the
Covenant of God
and when the Ark of the Covenant of the
Lord came into the camp all Israel
shouted so loudly that the earth shook
now when the Philistines heard the noise
of the shout they said what does the
sound of this great shout in the camp of
the Hebrews mean then they understood
that the Ark of the Lord had come into
the camp so the Philistines were afraid
for they said God has come into the camp
woe to us for such a thing has never
happened before woe to us who will
deliver us from the hand of these mighty
gods these are the gods who struck the
Egyptians with all the plagues in the
wilderness be strong and conduct
yourselves like men you Philistines that
you do not become servants of the
Hebrews as they have been to you conduct
yourself like men and fight so the
Philistines fought
and Israel was the name and every man
fled to his tent there was a very great
slaughter and there fell of Israel
30,000 foot soldiers also the Ark of God
was captured and the two sons of Eli
hophni and Phinehas died then a man of
Benjamin ran from the battle line the
same day and came to Shiloh with his
clothes torn and dirt on his head now
when he came there was a I sitting on a
seat by the wayside watching or his
heart trembled for the mark of God and
when the man came into the city and told
it all the city cried out when Eli heard
the noise of the outcry he said what
does the sound this talked me and the
man came quickly in told Eli Eli was 98
years old in his eyes were so dim that
they could not see then the man said to
Eli I am he who came from the battle
and I fled today from the battle line
what happened was Israel has fled before
the Philistines and there has been a
great slaughter among the people also
who are two sons hophni and Phinehas are
dead and the Ark of God has been
captured then it happened when he made
mention of the Ark of God that Eli fell
off the seat backward by the side of the
gate and his neck was broken and he died
for the man was old and heavy and he had
judged Israel forty years now his
daughter-in-law a phineus wife was with
child due to be delivered and when she
heard the news that the Ark of God was
captured that her father-in-law
and her husband were dead she bowed
herself and gave birth for her labor
pains came upon her
and about the time of her death the
women who stood by her said to her do
not fear for you have borne a son but
she did not answer nor did she regard it
then she named the child
Ichabod the glory has departed from
Israel because the Ark of God had been
captured and because of her
father-in-law and her husband the glory
has departed from Israel for the Ark of
God has been captured
[Music]